#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Bourgogne
add_core = BUR
owner = BUR
controller = BUR
culture = burgundian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
trade_goods = grain
base_manpower = 3
capital = "Bourgogne"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26

discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
