
#Schweidnitz
add_core = GLG
owner = GLG
controller = GLG
culture = schlesian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = grain
base_manpower = 3
capital = "Schweidnitz"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = X_POL_swidnica_beer_pmod
	duration = -1
}

discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
