#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Senigallia
add_core = URB
owner = URB
controller = URB
culture = umbrian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = paper
base_manpower = 3
capital = "Senigallia"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26
center_of_trade = 1
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
