#Written with Eu4 Easy Province Creator by emiroercn
#Ferabad
add_core = TAB
owner = TAB
controller = TAB
culture = mazandarani
religion = shiite
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 4
trade_goods = cotton
base_manpower = 1
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Ferabad"
is_city = yes
extra_cost = 26
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
